Mk radiotherapy coded volume (#174)
HL7/fhir-mCODE-ig: input/pagecontent/index.md

### Credits

The authors recognize the leadership and sponsorship of Dr. Monica Bertagnolli, former ASCO President and Dr. Jay Schnitzer, MITRE Chief Technology and Chief Medical Officer. The ASCO/CancerLinQ team was led by Dr. Robert Miller. Dr. Travis Osterman of Vanderbilt University leads the mCODE Technical Review Group. Andre Quina guides the overall mCODE effort at MITRE. Dr. Charles Mayo of University of Michigan, Randi Kudner of ASTRO, and Martin von Siebenthal of Varian made significant contributions to the much improved radiotherapy portion of this IG. MITRE contributors include Mark Kramer, May Terry, Max Masnick, Rute Martins, Chris Moesel, Caroline Potteiger, Steve Bratt, and Sharon Sebastian. HL7 sponsorship and input from [Clinical Interoperability Council](http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/cic/index.cfm) and [Clinical Information Modeling Initiative](https://www.hl7.org/Special/Committees/cimi/index.cfm) is gratefully acknowledged, with special thanks to Richard Esmond, Laura Heermann Langford, and Lindsey Hoggle.

> This IG was authored by the MITRE Corporation using [FHIR Shorthand (FSH)](http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/shorthand/) and [SUSHI](https://fshschool.org), a free, open source tool-chain from [MITRE Corporation](https://www.mitre.org/).

Reviewer: Should either be `tool chain` or `toolchain`:

```suggestion
This IG was authored by the MITRE Corporation using [FHIR Shorthand (FSH)](http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/shorthand/) and [SUSHI](https://fshschool.org), a free, open source toolchain from [MITRE Corporation](https://www.mitre.org/).
```

Author: 2.5M hits on "toolchain" versus 1.1M hits on "tool chain" so toolchain it is.
